[Music]
you never forget the one who steals your
heart or the one who kicks your ass
[Music]
some she is happening on our
Beach and my balls say we need to go
over there and check it out
is it bad idea Mitch we're lifeguards my
balls say it's just take it he's right
well my balls are saying that noise
let's go handle business your balls are
bullies
Baywatch works because we follow rules
do some shots
[Applause]
this guy's a train wreck
I met Brody and not a single was
given where the best warmers in the
whole world it's like if a human
a jet ski which is impossible but be so
cool there's you cop don't jack off on
my sheets just remember I'm always
watching Leon
teach him some manners have fun going
right night-night
[Music]
All Things Considered things could've
gone a lot worse
foot that's good luck pick it up
ball my dog we need to search
the morgue for evidence
check his tank for needle marks you want
me to check his taint lift his
scrotum and check his taint
dude it's a taint man it's Italian even
look get closer
Oh yogurt oh there is a hole that's just
his bottle all smile most of that do not
post that just a handful of ball sack he
turned from now into the goddamn X Games
that's cuz we were in lifeguard pursuits
oh okay puppet except for this no
such thing as lifeguard pursue
[Music]